It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong. You're watching
the China Show. I'm Annabelle Drooers
with David and Glass.
>> Happy Friday and good morning to all of
you. We're counting down to the open
markets in greater China. Let's get to
your top stories today. President Trump
is expected to announce finally his Fed
chair nominee on Friday, saying his pick
will not be too surprising. [music]
Asian stocks and US futures under
pressure as traders digest big tech
earnings with Apple's warning about
rising [music] costs weighing on
sentiment.
>> Now the company however delivering
record quarterly sales driven by strong
iPhone demand services growth and a
rebound in the Chinese market.
>> Also ahead, President Xi [music] hails
ties with the UK during Kia Star's visit
and pledges to grant British tourists
visa-free [music] entry.
>> And a Bloomberg scoop. Blackstone is in
advance talks to become the single
largest shareholder of struggling Hong
Kong developer New World.
[music]
Good morning. Happy Friday. Welcome to
the show. Lots to discuss as we kick off
the final one of the week, final show of
the week. So, a couple of things on
deck. Of course, Donald Trump um was
speaking about an hour or so back. He
touched on many things which is not
surprising, but I think maybe of
immediate consequence of the markets is
Iran. He's sending a group there he says
and of course the as it pertains to the
Fed pick. Uh we'll find out very soon. I
think
>> his nominee. So, he's saying he's going
to announce that Friday morning. That's
US time of course our Friday evening
here in Asia.
>> That's right. you haven't got the time,
right? An early test for me, but uh
Kevin Walsh is is certainly the one that
could be the pick. And I think it's a
really interesting one because because
he's someone who has in some ways a CV
that resembles Jay Pal to an extent. I
mean, they were both lawyers that worked
on Wall Street. Uh both worked as Fed
governors as well. So, so in some senses
there are similarities, but at the same
time it's interesting in his time as as
as as fake governor. He was actually
someone who who who leaned more hawkish
and showed really little tolerance for
inflation.
>> Yeah. I mean, the only clue we got from
the president,
I wouldn't even call it a clue. It's
more a description. Doesn't really
answer the question. I'm thinking about
it back. Uh it's known to everybody in
in the financial world is how he's
described it to. So anyway, we we we'll
see what the the name looks like and of
course it's that's the nominee because
it still has to go through of course the
process of uh in terms of being
approved. Uh the other story we're
tracking today obviously tech earnings
right we had this whole flurry yesterday
this time and of course over overnight
it was really Apple and what they said
about the iPhone record sales there. Uh
the Chinese market coming back I think a
first time in 3 years.
>> Yeah really strong for the Chinese
market. I think it's interesting as
well, City has downgraded their forecast
or or price target on Xiaomi stocks as
well and that's partly down to that
slowing smartphone. But but Apple
actually performed well and it is really
coming down to its its its iPhone
releases. It seems to have captivated a
lot of attention from from consumers and
really good holiday spending. Concerns
about the memory chip slump, but didn't
really see it in the current quarter.
They're saying you're more going to see
that actually moving into into 2026.
>> Okay. Yeah, I think it underscores too
it's been very difficult to impress this
market, right? particularly for these
large caps. It's not
we haven't seen big declines across all.
We've seen declines across most. And I
think the reason I bring that up, it's
the final trading session of of the
month. And we are set for a third
straight uh monthly underperformance of
the S&P equal weight relative to the
S&P, the regular index, of course, which
underscores not so much the rotation,
but it's the broadening out of the
rally. And of course, we're still
trading fair at fairly high levels in
price. That is also just to say silently
two other things. Obviously, silver has
not been too silent. Crude prices have
crept up.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Five or six straight weeks. And
of course, also Hong Kong actually the
Hangen index is now on the cusp of
28,000 for the first time since uh 2021.
So, we'll see what uh how everything
plays out across these markets. As we
get into Friday, the state of play
across equity markets is this. NASDAQ
futures are off 4/10 of 1%. We have
Taiwan coming online reflecting perhaps
what Bel was talking about there on the
Xiaomi and Apple overlay as extensive 1%
to the downside. Cosby though I mean
what's new? This has always been mostly
green so far. I would say mostly daily
for the last month, month and a half
here. Uh let's have a look at the dollar
and how we're tracking there. We are set
for the second straight weekly drop. Not
just any weekly drop of course steep
weekly drops plural there on the US
dollar. Um we'll unpack of course the
trip Kirst of course in China and sort
of what's that's unlocked so far.
>> Uh we talked about the commodity stories
of Brent 70 for the first time uh in
several months. You have copper we
touched 14,000 that was the big story.
We'll look at the copper contract
obviously uh when things get underway
here uh in greater China in a couple of
minutes. Gold and silver on your
screens. Uh A50 futures coming up very
very shortly. There we go. The oil
contract is up 3%. dollar China 695 and
of course among many other things I
think in terms of earnings uh we have
Hongong reporting earnings today but yes
uh it's all about big tech
>> it is all about big tech and it's all
about Apple in the session today as well
because we had those earnings coming out
in the last couple hours as you said it
was upbeat forecast of course concerns
around memory chip prices what does that
mean for margins for the business moving
forward but just taking a look at some
of the supplies in the region and uh
well no surprise really is seeing
Samsung of course after those
blockbuster numbers yesterday and again
a key beneficiary out of those rising
memory chip prices but but otherwise a
little bit under pressure this morning.
Let's uh bring in our managing editor
for consumer tech Mark joining us this
morning. So Mark of course uh you know
Apple better than anyone else at
Bloomberg. So what was the most
important takeaway from you from the
numbers?
>> Biggest takeaway is they absolutely
killed it. Okay. Hundreds uhundred and a
44 billion quarter. It's unbelievable.
It's their first $25 billion quarter in
greater China uh in four years. The
iPhone number hit 85 billion. Services
topped 30 billion. It's it's quite
remarkable. Uh services uh were flat
compared to the Wall Street estimate,
but still that was pretty damn good. Uh
the Mac and wearables home and
accessories both saw some declines, but
you know what? The iPhone number was so
strong really doesn't matter. the China
number was so strong, it really doesn't
matter. But this means they now have
some air cover, right? They have support
from Wall Street because of these
financials to get a little bit more time
to get their act together on AI. I still
think Apple's facing an existential AI
crisis. They're not an AI company.
They're not run by AI people. Uh they're
still the worst in the industry when it
comes to AI. But if you're selling
iPhones like this, at least for now, it
doesn't matter. But that doesn't mean
it's not going to matter and matter
soon. So they shouldn't uh be resting on
their laurels here and I don't think
they are
>> Mark I mean give us an update too if you
could on overseas markets and whether to
just bar the concept you just mentioned
there you know other markets will also
help bar you know give them more time as
they figure out the AI story Mark
>> China's great India's great Korea seems
great Brazil they shouted out even uh in
terms of max sales they did decent in
Europe uh but yeah they really need to
figure out this AI situation You know,
Tim Cook has been an executor of, you
know, the Steve Jobs roadmap uh for the
few years after Steve Jobs passed away.
Uh he's able to widen Apple's product
portfolio, but there's really been
nothing in terms of major new things
concocted under Cook that have become a
success. Uh the car never came to
market. The TV set never came to market.
The Vision Pro is a complete failure.
They're going to need to come up with
some new things and uh especially built
around an AI ecosystem. they have not
proved an ability to do so. Uh but we'll
see what happens in the next couple of
years. The roadmap is quite strong. Uh
the other question long term is on
succession, right? Will Tim Cook have uh
the right person to replace him at some
point. I still think it'll be the
hardware chief. Uh but these are all
questions that are need going to need to
be get to get answered. Uh but
fortunately for them, they just bought
themselves a lot more time.
>> Mark, really great insights there. That
was our uh reporter there for Apple,
Mark German in Los Angeles. And joining
us now is Harold Vanderland. He's head
of Asia Pacific equity strategy at HSBC.
And
>> great to see you again.
>> Good morning.
>> Start of the year. So uh let's just kick
off on that tech story. I know that this
is the year that you're going to be
looking beyond the AI rally, but at
least in the near
>> the moment, [laughter] no need for that.
>> Yeah, it's hard it's hard to ignore.
It's hard to ignore. No, absolutely. So
this is the only story in in in the
region. uh maybe China's a story as well
but it's basically the only story um uh
with we said at the beginning of the
year there will be in this year we're
going to also have to look beyond
because a India may be recovering and
maybe something in Asia but that's not
really happening at the moment so the
story remains a northeast Asian s of a
north Asia story right Korea Taiwan uh
shortages in tech stocks very strong
earnings upgrades in the in these
markets absolutely that's
>> our starting point in Korea just to zero
in on that market uh
>> value I mean the discounts clearly
disappeared the Korea discount what does
the earning story look like do you think
it'll justify a further rerating
>> the earnings story is very strong I mean
look at how Korea's performed if you
look at the valuations of the market it
it's it's moved up a little bit not so
much because the earnings have gone up
so much as well and what we now see in
terms of positioning is that people have
already got a lot of exposure in Taiwan
they can't really buy that much more
because if you can't have an Asian
portfolio with only one stock in it in
Taiwan. Exactly. So actually as
[clears throat] that market continues to
perform, you see that people actually
have to sell. So they try to build that
exposure somewhere else and that's
helping Korea as well. So you see them
rotating into uh into the Samsung Highix
and these these stocks of course and
there is still room for that to grow. Uh
global funds are coming in as well. You
just mentioned earlier on there's a bit
of rotation in the US market. So you see
that they're looking for kind of AI
place outside of the US now and then
Korea is your obvious choice then. Y
>> so you think this is the year that that
that Korea really just continues to be
the standout in the Asian region or are
you looking at other markets as well? Of
course there's Japan or there's Taiwan,
Hong Kong. Which one do you think is
going to be the biggest beneficiary I
guess of that that rotation away?
>> If there's a rotation I think um there's
some interesting things happening in
China. Um there are interesting things
happening in India but it's slow and
it's not so visible yet. So that might
well be a story that just takes time
before the earnings are recovering
there. there's a bit more stimulus has
taken place. So, uh it looks like the
earning story is picking up in India but
it's very slow. So, at the moment it's
not something that gets a lot of
attention. Um so, that might be
something that happens uh in the next
quarter or so. But we also see money
coming back into China and that's
interesting. And this is not mainland
Chinese money that was the main driver
for last year. But we actually see money
coming from Europe and also from the US
and in particular from the US. That's
not something we've seen over the last
couple of years. But they're starting to
to go back into Chinese stocks as well.
>> And do you get a sense that that will
will continue? Because that I mean that
was for many years the potentially the
incremental buyer
>> Yeah.
>> of of this Chinese market. You know, you
know, we're underweight China. We've
been massively still underweight when
you look at the positioning, right? I
want to get a sense based on our
conversation.
>> I mean, you're absolutely right. Two
years ago, I think we actually spoke
about this once. Everybody said, "Oh,
it's about Asia exchina or emerging
markets exchina." That story is gone. uh
a lot of US funds said no we're not
going to buy China this is there's no
interest in this whatsoever difficult to
sell but now we have a different dynamic
we have a weaker dollar so you want non-
US assets Europe is already they went
lashy into Europe now they're looking
somewhere else emerging market shows up
and then you need to find markets where
there's a good growth story you know we
just spoke about Korea but in China
things are picking up as well look at
the Apple results right that gives
another confidence hey there are there
is something going on there um the
market has performed uh pretty well last
year. So I think the interest is
starting to come back in. Do you get is
the formula do you think the formula
for China this year will be what worked
last year which is you know your your
platform companies some of the
financials on income and dividends and I
think materials did quite well or is
there a cyclical story a rebound that we
might be sleeping
>> I think there will be a bit of a
cyclical story I think so the the
interest is to a large extent has been
in dividend yielding stock sort of safe
investments and this is mainland Chinese
buying Chinese stocks initially in Hong
Kong, then they went to the Asia market
later on and they bought Bank of China
and these sort of companies gave you a
good yield. Yeah. Very safe sort of
investment. Um what we now see is
interest going into other sectors. So
AI, China AI, biotech is coming up quite
often and then you have these other sort
of sectors that do pretty well. Power
equipment is doing very well because
you're building out all sorts of uh uh
uh networks in in China. So you need
that. So there are these industries
where there is no over supply uh where
things are happening and this is where
the the focus is shifting in that
direction as well.
>> The the IPO pipeline though in Hong Kong
is still very robust coming into
>> robust is understatement. [laughter]
It's very strong
and uh I'm wondering if you think that
there's any concerns about liquidity
being drained from the secondary market
on that basis.
>> Mhm. Yeah. We have uh last time we
looked 360 IPOs in the pipeline. So
that's a lot. Uh, and some of them are
big, some of them are smaller companies
as well. There's a lot of these AI
companies that that need capital, so
they're listing. Um, there is a lot of,
as I said, there's the Chinese local
money, mainland Chinese money coming
into Hong Kong. You now have foreign
money coming there as well. So there's a
lot of liquidity around. So I'm not
worried that that will drain money out
of the secondary market. It might happen
from one week to another if there's a
real big IPO, but not structurally so at
least not at the moment. If that would
happen though, let's say it's difficult
to sell your IPO, you got to lower your
price, then you see that that 360 number
probably goes lower because then some
companies might say, ah, let's wait a
little until the market's a bit
stronger. So, um, that that's a moving
target as well. But I'm not overly
worried. Liquidity is really good in
>> key to the liquidity issue formula will
be will be the Fed. We heard from the US
president earlier. I want to play it out
for our viewers and we'll talk about it
soon. Let's play it out, guys, please.
>> What day will you be announcing your fed
chair pick next week?
>> Uh, tomorrow morning.
>> Tomorrow morning.
>> What day will you be announcing your fed
chair pick next week?
>> Uh, tomorrow morning.
>> Tomorrow morning. And do you know
>> I'd rather say it tomorrow, but just an
outstanding person and a person that uh
won't be too surprising to people. It's
going to be uh somebody that is very
respected, somebody that's known to
everybody in the financial world, and I
I think it's going to be a very good
choice. I hope so.
>> So, someone was on your short list, sir.
>> Uh on my reasonably short list. Yeah.
>> So, Harold, Kevin Hasset, Chris Waller,
Kevin Wish, Rick Ryder. Does it matter
who among the four eventually gets
>> No, this is an important position. So,
it matters. And in conversations that we
have with clients, it comes up who it
might be. I mean, we don't know. So
every second guessing,
>> but it does matter because uh
we need the independence of the Fed.
That's really important.
>> We're also in a strange situation
whereby we now actually see that
inflationary pressures remain. Um the
market is saying, you know, in the
beginning of the year as well, there's
going to be rate cuts coming through,
but increasingly saying h maybe not so
much. We actually don't think there will
be a rate cut this year. We don't even
see a rate cut next year. So there's a
bit of a recalibration in the market in
the opposite direction even. So you need
somebody who can who can who can lead
that institution of of course leave with
Yeah. and and and come with credible
policies. This is incredibly important.
Yes.
>> Okay. Harold will be staying with us. Uh
there is the item of Indonesia of course
that emerges this week because a big
story. We'll talk more with Harold in a
moment on that. I was looking at my
Bloomberg screens and I was wondering
why we weren't getting some ticks on
certain assets and now we know why. Here
we go. Breaking news. The London Metal
Exchange is said to delay uh the market.
That's that's what we know so far. I'm
just getting you the headline right now.
We'll try and um uh
try try and understand further of course
what's going on here. And yes, we'll
we'll see what's going on here. Apart
from the fact that yes, this is
certainly under underscore the
significance of this. The metals market
has been really front and center of
global markets this week so far. So
break news so far there. And of course,
we also have the fix of the day, which
is now out. And I'll tell you what the
fix is. 6 uh well, the range is from 694
to 19. The reference rate on your
screens. There we go. Thank you so much.
against the US dollar. 13 minutes to the
opening bell. This is the China show.
[music]
>> [music]
>> You're watching the China show and just
getting some more details on that
breaking headline just crossed a few
minutes ago that the London Metal
Exchange is said to be delaying the
market opening this morning. We're
getting some reasons for that and what
we understand is that technical issues
are said to be behind uh the reason
we've got that delayed opening this
morning or said to have that delayed
market opening this morning. So yeah,
it's a red hot metals market. That's all
we can say right now. will of course
bring you more details uh on this as it
comes to hand as well.
>> Okay. Yeah. Uh we'll set that aside for
now and talk about the other big story,
market story this week here in the Asia
Pacific. In fact, just to borrow parts
of what Bill just mentioned there, you
know, the the price fell so much that we
had to deal with some trading halts in
Jakarta
>> the last two days or so. So, following
what was really just a whirlwind 48
hours towards the latter part of the
session yesterday and hence we were down
as much as 8% at one point. we closed
lower by just 1%. Um, a couple of
updates coming through out of Indonesia,
these promises for reforms, right? The
regulator doubling the free float
requirement to 15.
>> Dantara coming in and say they're
weighing some active market,
>> should we call inter participation.
Okay, sorry I slipped. Uh, and the
exchanges eyeing disclosing ownership
below 5%. Now, HSBC has just downgraded
Indonesia stocks to neutral. Still with
us here is Harold Vanderland, head of
Asia-Pacific Equity Strategy at HSBC.
And perhaps I would argue, Harold, and
you can disagree with me, you're
probably the most familiar with this
market among anybody I know. So agree
a long time. Okay.
>> Worst over or worst yet to come?
>> There's a chance that for this
particular issue that actually uh for
the markets a lot of the worst is over.
What we've seen initially I was a little
bit disappointed with the response that
came out of Indonesia. We didn't hear
anything. MCI made a statement and it
was really acquired. But yesterday they
came out and said, "Listen, uh we have a
task force. The the regulator is going
to sit with the stock exchange. We're
going to talk with the MCI. We're going
to disclose a lot of this data." So
that's uh so that's good. They they're
working on this.
>> Um just a little bit of history. Um uh
it actually 2005 I think it was actually
a foreign company bought a local company
one of the cigarette companies free
float went down but it was a very large
company so people needed to have it in
their in in their portfolios or in their
ETFs and but they couldn't get the stock
so free float became a discussion then
they said we put it at 7 and a half%.
um uh we will raise that but they never
really done this and I think now with
what the Mi's done then are forced to to
force they they they're going to make
more steps they've said we're going to
go to 15%. And for IPOs it's already
there's a higher threshold so new
companies that come in I believe have to
have a free float over 20%. So they're
moving also in the right direction.
>> Okay.
>> How confident are you they can meet the
the timeline because I mean yesterday
they were saying it would be possible by
March to have enacted a lot of these
changes. We know the deadline is May. Do
you think it's possible that that that
uh everything can be done in that sort
of time frame?
>> If you look at the language of the Msei,
it says that we will consider
>> Yeah.
>> uh in May. So if Indonesia says,
"Listen, we're going to be really
serious on this." But listen, you're
going to give us a bit more time. I
think this will happen because the
alternative to put Indonesia on a
frontier market uh sort of board is also
not reasonable. I mean, it's a large
market. It has sufficient amount of
liquid stick stocks.
some of the largest companies in
Southeast Asia are listed in Indonesia.
So I think that that is uh that that is
not I think fitting as well but in the
bowlers in the court with the
Indonesians they got to show progress.
It looks like they're doing this at the
moment. So that's why I said listen I
think in that respect I think the worst
is over for for that.
>> The others component comes to mind. So
whether it's on an index compiler level,
>> do we see other index compilers look at
the same thing? They look at different
things of course MSEI looks this there's
another one of course that looks at
that. Do you think they might be
emboldened to not embolden but do you
think they might this might
>> incentivize them to look at investment
criteria and other Southeast Asian
markets because Indonesia this this is
just a feature of Indonesia?
>> No. No, that is right. I think there's
two things that we that that could
happen. One will take maybe a little bit
longer. You're right. The other markets
I suspect will also sit down or have sat
down yesterday in say Thailand or the
Philippines say how is that with us and
where do we stand and what do we need to
do so you would think that they might
respond to this as well uh or at least
investigate where they stand what the
progress is so that they're not going to
be in a similar sort of situation
because it creates a lot of volatility
and has impact on currencies and these
sort of things that's the first thing um
that would be good because I think free
float increases would be Yeah.
>> The second thing is it's very nice to
say we're going to increase free float
for some of these companies
>> but you need buyers for that. So then
you say listen
uh you have a company it's a large
company um it's mostly owned by a few
people that are the founders of the
company. They say okay we're willing to
sell uh to 20% so that everything is
freely in the market. You need a buyer
as well. So where's that buyer going to
come from? And I think what Indonesia
could do or Southeast Asia um is to look
at what India has done. They got these
SIPs, these systematic investment plans
whereby a lot of people can actually buy
easily even for half a dollar or a US
dollar, you can buy stocks or sort of
ETF, a fraction of an ETF.
>> You could therefore get liquidity in the
market from from the local market as
well. And I think that would be good for
for Indonesia to consider because then
you have a buyer in the market and it
allows you to to sell some of these
stocks, increase the free float, and
that would be a very healthy sort of
situation.
>> Harold, great to see you again. That was
Harold Vanderland there, head of Asia
Pacific equity strategy at HSBC. And
we're just getting some more context on
the LME delayed opening or said to have
delayed their market opening this
morning. We're actually getting some
commentary from traders who are saying
it's not clear when the the market will
start to to trade as well. Again, just
going back to the reason for this, what
we're hearing is that technical issues
are behind uh this this reportedly
delayed opening this morning. Uh but of
course metals market has been one of the
the most tracked areas of of assets so
far in 2026. Huge rallies across the
board.
>> Nothing to see here quite quite
literally. Uh we're also looking at New
World here. So we talked about this.
Blackstone is said to be in talks to
become the largest shareholder there and
New World shares are up 5.6% in the
pre-market. Something to watch of course
as we go into the session today. Um, and
this is just also underscore the broader
rally we've seen in the Hangen property
index and that cohort of stocks has been
hitting new highs. Separately on reports
yesterday that three red lines on
Chinese mainland property. Um,
conversations around that have also led
to that massive move in mainland
property names yesterday. So, those are
two real estate [music] stories we'll
track going into the open today. Apart
from that, it seems like we're pulling
back a little bit from the 28,000
milestone, the hanging index. Uh but
yes, lots to discuss as we uh approach
the final session of the week. Just over
[music] 3 minutes away, the opening
bell. This is the China Show. Good
morning.
[music]
Right, good morning. Happy Friday.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. 40 seconds to reopening bell.
We've had a ton of breaking [music] news
in the last, let's call it 90 minutes or
so. The latest coming through. Um, this
concerns this massive commodities boom
and the London Metal Exchange [music] is
said to be delaying the market opening.
It's said to be down to some technical
issues and it's not clear based on our
queries with traders [music] when the
LME market will open up. I promise you
we will get you the latest once we have
more information at that massive story.
But apart from that, there's an equity
market that is opening up of course in
about
>> 5 seconds from now. [laughter] There we
go. Look.
>> All right. We're bringing you into the
open this morning and yeah, uh mainland
Hong Kong session [music] just about to
open today and we just actually got a
call out from Morgan Stanley. They're
saying that the first quarter support
will remain moving forward. Uh they're
seeing it sustaining [music]
essentially for A and H shares. This is
from Morgan Stanley of course, but their
sentiment indicator for A shares
improving modestly are remaining still
within that normal range, but they're
saying that uh uh you know essentially
housing is really the material drag on
nominal GDP, but it should narrow as as
that adjustment tapers. As well today,
you've seen the market session. It's a
little mixed so far, but mostly to to
the downside as well. Let's take a look
at what's happening in Hong Kong because
that market just coming on today. I
think it's very much going to be focused
on that tech story because you're seeing
tech sort of being the overall drag on
the benchmark so far off 8/10 of 1%.
Some of the names are watching in
particular. This is very much an Apple
story as well because you've got Xiaomi
for instance off 1% so far. But actually
an interesting uh cut from from City as
well uh to their price target for the
stock to $43 Hong Kong a piece. Uh
that's off from 50 Hong Kong that was
earlier in place. So, Apple earnings of
course one of the big movers in the late
trading session today. Let's take a look
at some of the suppliers because very
very strong quarter for Apple in the
period
>> solid.
>> Mark German really said this was blowout
numbers essentially very strong demand
for particularly their their their more
uh more expensive smartphone range or
the upper end of the range as well. But
we're seeing uh really strong demand in
India, China as well for its products.
Again, that could be playing into the
Xiaomi story. Of course, Sunny Optical,
one of the the suppliers to that, they
actually had some uh preliminary fullear
net income figures. You're seeing growth
there of 70% or 70 to 75%. That's what
they're saying uh the business. But
let's also take a look at at CJ Mining
this morning as well because we're
taking a look at how that stock is uh
under pressure essentially, but they
have priced a convertible bond at 6330
Hong Kong dollars a share. Uh we are
seeing again that stock just a bit off.
And then New World as well. This is a
very interesting story. So, obviously,
New World, we know it's it's faced a lot
of challenges around its debt levels.
We're now hearing that Blackstone could
be in talks to become New World's top
shareholder. That stock is is surging as
a result, China property. Just to to
mark as well, because this was the big
story yesterday, uh that that we had
local media reporting in China that the
the so-called three red lines uh could
be removed or or or be no longer
applicable to these developers. We did
see a huge rally off the back today.
That's giving up some ground. But at the
same time, I think actually Bloomberg
Intelligence had a really interesting
take on this and maybe we need to sort
of fade the significance of this one as
well.
>> You know what on that note, why don't we
get into that right now? Christy Hong is
with us right now to give us their
reaction uh to this. Christiey's here on
set with us. So what was the initial
take?
>> Right. So we think the move is largely
symbolic. Um when it comes to the thread
lines rule, you know, dialing back on it
won't fundamentally change developers
operations. This won't ease the most
pressing pressure that developers are
facing nowadays, which is falling sales
and falling home prices. And the intent
of the rule when it was introduced in
2020 was to cool the overheated land
market by reigning in the over leverage
expansions by developers. And fast
forward since the crisis developers have
been passively forced to delever the
balance sheet. So in a way you know
these red line metrics have been
irrelevant and investors have been not
have not been closely looking into them.
>> Okay. So then what are you watching for
the property market and and do you see
any sort of signals that we're going to
see any sort of recovery or or what is
the outlook for you this year?
>> Right. So I think from a policy
standpoint there are fewer and fewer
levers that the government can um pull
when it comes to you know these policy
options. I think I've said again and
again you know what tools that can be
used have been used. You know, we're
five years in a crisis right now and you
know, T1 cities, there's still some
leeway for say Beijing, Shanghai,
Shenzhen to remove their home purchase
restrictions or lower the down payment
ratios. The rest of China,
>> what can be done has been done. So I
think what we are most concerned is
about the structural issues that I've
always talked about. You know over
supply of the market, the pessimistic
home price expectation of the general
public, developers liquidity issues and
the problem of unfinished homes. These
are still not going away and these won't
be easily fixed by policy alone. the
where do I guess this is a too broad a
question but in generally where do these
developers stand in as far as being able
to comply with those with the three red
lines
>> right so with the developers that we
have spoken to they said they've already
stopped filing these three red lines
metrics in 2025 so this is not new
>> and then you also have um you know
basically two camps of developers the
offenders like ever grandson they've
already defaulted And then they have you
have the compliance one that they have
compliant they have been compliant
before they're still compliant now. So
in a way the rule has already done its
job.
>> Okay Christie thank you so much Christy
hung there uh with uh the latest take uh
on well massive market reaction
yesterday. So we'll see what the what
the session holds today here. Uh well,
staying on property, one stock that is
actually quickly eroding the initial
gains, but still quite up substantially
though, 3.7% at 1154. That should still
put New World shares at the highest
since 2023. I'll correct myself if uh
that's inaccurate at this point in time,
but that seems to be still the case. Uh
let me give you a stat on volume. So on
a normal 30-day average, daily volume on
New World gets you to about 16 million
shares. In the opening five minutes,
we're already at 10 million. So there's
a lot of interest in the share in the
stock today given of course that
Bloomberg's we just talked about uh
early on with Blackstone in talks maybe
to be to become the largest shareholder
there.
>> Yeah, great reporting from the team.
We'll get more on that ahead. But in the
meantime as well, Hangen Investment
Management has officially launched its
new gold ETF on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. Of course, we were covering
this yesterday in the session. But to
talk us through the launch and the the
company's broader business strategy,
let's bring in Hangen Investment
Management CEO Rosita Lee joining us
this morning. So, thanks very much for
taking the time.
>> Yeah. What did you make of the the
trading debut for the ETF? And what's
demand looking like? What's the outlook
like like for you as well on that? Well,
actually we're very excited to have the
um go east ETF listed yesterday and we
received a very strong demand in terms
of turnover and the turnover actually on
the uh very first date already exceed
100 um million Hong Kong and the AUM
actually doubled and uh the reasons of
why we launched this gold ETF is mainly
due to the growing demand of the um
local Hong Kong uh investors in physical
gold and Actually they would like to
have a more flexible and accessible gold
investment solutions. And then we come
to the idea of providing them the
trading flexibility while at the same
time provide them with a solution if in
case they want to redeem their gold uh
physically.
>> Yeah.
>> How does that work if they want to get
the physical bit? What what are the
mechanics to be able to do that?
>> Well, for that it's pretty simple and
straightforward. And of course if the
customers want to be deemed in gold then
they have to do it in the primary market
um directly through selected um broker
and not in the secondary market because
for secondary market all settlement will
be in cash. Okay. So if they are
interested in u redeem their holdings in
gold then they approach their their um
uh designated broker and then they will
arrange it directly with the fund
manager which is hands and investment
and then we will decide that which is
the best way to for them to um to well
receive the gold uh physically and for
those uh investors who are also Hangen
uh bank customers then they have the
privilege to redeem or collect the gold
at the um Hansen's headquarter
>> and for to meeting that requirement
redemption requirement then the minimum
um uh redemption unit will be 250 um 100
yeah 25000 unit
>> okay
>> and all the multiple profit
>> the the the structure of that and and
how you can redeem physical gold does
that tell us that that this is an ETF
that's been designed more with a retail
customer in mind as opposed to an
institutional investor and and second to
that as well what are the sort of
inflows that you're targeting for this.
>> Okay. Um, that's an interesting
questions actually when we first have
the ideas in mind to develop a very
different gold ETF in the Hong Kong
market because there's already some
other gold ETF who are already available
in the market. We are targeting not just
individuals investors and not not just
um the um private banking or retail
customers but also the institutional
investors or even the sovereign fund
because we have the gold storage uh well
exactly 100% in Hong Kong and the uh
another unique selling point of this um
gold ETF is that we have um all the
trading settlement custody and
redemption all settled in Hong Kong
utilizing the infrastructure that Hong
Kong already have for gold uh trading.
So um even for um uh institutional
clients, they might have a huge demand
uh to store uh or hold physical gold
then now they have a more flexible
solution instead of storing the gold
physically by themsel which is quite
well um troublesome or costly. They can
now just simply invest into this um
product. So um uh the products also um
we are again going to well um issue
tokenized share class as well. So to
answer your questions we're targeting
different uh well uh background uh
different types of um gold investors and
uh institutions uh sovereign funds um uh
individual clients or even those uh even
those clients who who prefer to trade um
investment products via digital asset
platform.
>> Right. You mentioned just at the very
start the there was very big turnover of
course in the first day and I think AUM
you mentioned was it did doubled. Can
you give us a sense what's AUM now and
ideally where would you like to see
obviously the sky is the limit but where
would you like idealistically where do
you think a AUM will will go?
>> Yes. Well actually the AUM now is 200 um
um million 200 million Hong Kong. Yes.
And then um uh this is only the first
day. So um we expect there more uh
inflow come with us and then uh there's
no limit at all because well um the fund
has the capacity to issue new unit. So
as long as there's new demand then we
can initiate new unit well to meet the
demand of the um investors.
>> Yeah.
>> And what's your plans also around the
tokenization aspect of this and and
looking at different options including a
listing on some of the digital asset
exchanges? What kind of timeline do you
have for that and any preference on
exchange as well?
>> Yeah, well actually we already uh
entered the final stage of testing the
um uh ecosystem and infrastructure. So
our plan is to issue tokenized share
class um within the first quarter this
year. So it's pretty uh it will be uh in
the coming two months time. Yes. And in
terms of our distribution trend node and
of course we would like to expand the
distribution apart from the very
traditional uh wealth wealth platform.
So definitely those licensed digital as
a platform to will be our preference
>> in terms of just broader company
strategy specifically product strategy.
Right. So, and what industry or
regulatory trends in Hong Kong do you
think will be the most important to
watch this year for your company and for
for the ETF industry?
>> Well, I actually I think for the um ETF
the industry which I think that wow
actually we see very well good inflow
from from the uh from the east because
of the ETF connect and um there's also
the increase in well interest in the
Hong Kong China market. there's also
inflow of well from the international
market as well. So uh I I think
currently there's a lot of very
favorable um market development
initiative launched by the government
and the uh we also see a lot of product
innovation. So I think the environment
is pretty favorable. So um with um more
new participants enter into the market I
think we can grow the pie together.
>> Okay. and just give us a rough sense of
your pipeline, your product pipeline
this year without giving away of course
the secrets. But does it is it going to
be a busy launch here for Hen?
>> Um definitely we we will keep on well
observing the demand from the market and
then launch products appropriately.
>> Yes.
>> All right, Rosita, thanks very much for
joining us this morning. That was Rosita
Lee there, CEO of Hangen Investment
Management. And also just I think it's
quite interesting to make that
comparison from gold to what was
supposed to be a digital gold and
certainly is not behaving anything like
it. We're of course talking about crypto
prices this morning.
>> It didn't turn out to be the debasement
met that some folks had had hoped.
>> It is actually quite exceptional to me
that that this time last year we were
seeing a huge run up in crypto prices
and we were getting all sorts of calls
out there that we could see crypto
hitting or Bitcoin hitting $250,000
by the end of the year. there was so
much optimism around Trump uh policy
support as well for the asset class, but
now you're actually uh setting up and
looking toward 80,000 uh US dollars per
token. That would really be sort of a
real price level for support, but lots
of weakness essentially across the
crypto space and you're continuing to
see that this morning. You really have
and I think it's you know it's uh not
normal days in the market when things
like silver the Jakarta stock market
some of these AI equity names are acting
more like Bitcoin a few years ago than
Bitcoin is right and it underscores
really changing assumptions and how
assumptions can go completely wrong
sometimes for now at least okay don't
get angry with me all right coming up
here um you kind of the Bitcoin crowd
can get very rowdy [laughter] all right
China signaling easier access to uh its
markets for UK businesses after
President Xi's talks with Kier Storm.
Aar closer look at whether calling more
a stable relationship next. This is the
China [music] show.
[music]
All right, time for a look at what's
making headlines in China's national
media this morning. And no surprises
really, it's uh the UK Prime Minister K
Star's visit that's [music] absolutely
dominating the the front pages in the
session today or coverage today in in
mainland media. But the party's official
mouthpiece, that's the People's Daily,
giving front page coverage or prominence
to his meetings with President Xi and
Premier Lee Chang as well. So, the
coverage strikes an optimistic tone.
It's focusing on Beijing's call for
deeper economic ties and the need for
the UK to transcend differences.
>> Yeah, Starmer is the latest world leader
to visit Beijing amid a more volatile
trade and geopolitical environment out
there. Uh for more on what took place
and the milestones that were hit and
some of the announcements, Stephen
Angel, our chief North Asia
correspondent, is here with us. What
what's been agreed to here, Steve? Well,
of course, this is a big diplomatic win
for China. Obviously, they've been
having this parade of leaders. Uh four
uh five of the seven G7 leaders,
including Trump are have or will be
going to Beijing in uh this first
quarter. So, it's significant and it's a
similar story really. We saw Mark Carney
go there and obviously declare a new
world order, a strategic partnership.
Similar verbiage as well uh with Kier
Starmer there right now, day two. Then
he goes on to Japan tomorrow and meet
with Taki Iichan. Uh but I get ahead of
myself. The deals that have been signed,
I think there were at least 10US signed
between the UK and Beijing yesterday.
And also there's this new services
partnership. It stops short of a
services deal that's still potentially
in the work, but essentially it it it it
opens up the possibility and gives more
clarity and market access uh to uh
Britain's health care, financial and
professional, legal, and education
sectors. And keep in mind, Britain is a
me is a big powerhouse in exporting its
financial services. Number two in the
world after the United States. So this
potentially is a big uh win for you know
the L London Banking Group. Uh whether
that's HSBC, Standard Charter,
Barkclays, the heads of those banks were
all with Kier Starmer in Beijing. Uh
there's a number of other deals.
Astroenica did a deal in Beijing. We saw
China agreeing to half have half I mean
cut in half the tariffs on Scottish
whiskey uh from 10% to 5% on the
tariffs. Those are the tariffs of 5%. So
there's some victories there. Um and for
China a big diplomatic win really
because they've been talking throughout
this Trump administration and even
before the Trump administration about
and and appealing to America's allies.
You should chart your own course. You
don't necessarily have to, and I'm
paraphrasing, you don't necessarily have
to align your foreign policy and your
trade policy with the United States as
Canada had to a large part under Justin
Trudeau and as past prime ministers of
the UK have done as well. So, it is sort
of a new I don't want to say new world
order, but a new dynamic definitely.
>> So, then I guess that really speaks to
the framing of of how they're also
wanting to position the the the the
relationship as well.
Yeah. So, how Beijing looks at it as the
diplomatic win, but also there's
opportunities for them as well. They I
think they've announced another Chinese
bank is going to have um yuan clearing
offshore yan clearing in London. Uh
there's a number of different uh
financial and business wins that the UK
can have. Uh but again, it's really uh
aligning trade and geopolitical
relationships on a on a separate footing
with these G7 countries that is not
necessarily completely in line with the
United States. This is what Donald Trump
though had to say when he was asked on a
night out on the town when he was asked
by reporters essentially what does it
mean when the UK is striking its own
strategic partnership similar to what
Canada did and Mark Carney.
>> Well, it's very dangerous for them to do
that and it's even more dangerous I
think for Canada to get into business
with China. Canada is not doing well. Uh
they're doing very poorly and you can't
look at China as the answer. That's I
know China very well. I know President
Xi's a friend of mine. I know him very
well. But that's a that's a big hurdle
to go over when you get Canada.
>> And dovetailing with that, Shinoa News
Agency is also reporting that the UK and
China have agreed to resume their
strategic their security talks as well.
So that would not play very well with
the White House.
>> All right, Steve. Well, we'll see of
course how how the UK trip or Kama's
trip to to Japan proceeds as well and
any headlines we get out of that and
what the reaction is from Beijing as
well. But that was our chief North Asia
correspondent Steven Angel. And if
you're a subscriber and you want to
rewatch that interview or this this
discussion with Steve too, you can
that's via our interactive TV [music]
function TV go. You can also become part
of the conversation by sending us
instant messages. So do check it out.
The function is TV go. More ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[music]
Welcome back. All right. All eyes on
commodity markets. Unfortunately,
uh we're not as uh pricing is not as
available as comprehensive today because
of some issues with the LME. Our latest
understanding is there's no specific
guidance yet on uh when things might
open. That's according to traders. Um
our reporting suggests that that
technical issues are have prevented uh
the opening so far. Hence we're looking
at aluminum for example traded in in
China. You have copper of course you
have both copper contracts Shanghai and
Chicago. Brent's on your screens as
well. But that just also to mention
Chalco is actually down quite
substantially today. Uh that's really on
the back of number one the aluminum
story. I think you also get uh CIC
I believe also coming in and changing I
think their their their call there on
the stock. Uh and apart from that uh
what else are we tracking here? So you
have chalk you have copper stocks. JC
copper is coming up on your screens.
>> Indonesia.
>> Indonesia. There we go. Um I I heard
it's in the news this week.
>> It's been quite a exceptional week for
for Indonesian stocks. Actually we've
got some reporting from some of the
funds we're [music] speaking with.
They're saying that even though you've
seen these overtures from Indonesian
regulators to to make [music] changes,
the big question is will that satisfy
the MSCI? And so some of the investors
we're speaking with [music] are saying
that that really this selloff could
actually be far from done because more
clarity is still needed. But you are
seeing some upside. Uh that's the last
close. More ahead.
>> [music]
>> You're watching the China show this
morning. Coming back with an update on
the [music] trading delay that we've
seen at the LME this morning. So, it
typically would have opened an hour ago.
What we're understanding from traders is
that the LME market is set to open at
10:00 a.m. So essentially in the next 30
seconds or so. But it has been of course
a very wild week for globals metals
traders. What was behind that trading
delay this morning? Again, this was
according to a notice that was sent to
brokers that was seen by Bloomberg. But
what was behind that uh was was some
sort of technical glitch and and and
that's had to be investigated over the
past 60 60 minutes or so essentially.
But uh what we understand as we said the
LME market will be opening uh just in a
few moments from now.
>> Yeah. Here we go. And I'm not being
polite by not looking your way. I'm
literally glued to my screens. Here we
go. We do have an update now. So things
aluminum is trading. Copper, we now have
price for that. Lead,
not yet. So we have aluminum, we have
copper, we have nickel, we have tin, and
we have zinc coming online right now.
Aluminum's up 310 to 1%. We're looking
at copper down about 1.6. six.
Uh we're also getting nickel coming
across down about a 9/10 of 1% and tins
down about 1%. Suffice to say, yes, we
are we have we are up and running as far
as this this trading trading delay
because of technical issues what those
technical issues were specifically
unsure at this point. Uh but the point
at this point in time is of course we
are now getting a price on these things.
It's also worth pointing out of course
right we were at 14,000 on copper. we
are getting a pullback across um quite a
decently long list of Chinese copper
stocks uh today I would imagine on the
back of this decline we're seeing in
copper prices and the initial proxy that
we actually had earlier on were prices
in in the US and Chicago and of course
the copper contract in Shanghai which
already was pointing to the declines we
are seeing right now uh across these
markets uh we are looking at okay uh
this is now going to go hot on your
Bloomberg terminal to London Metal
Exchange. Well, I assume it's going to
go hot. This is a big story, of course.
Um, has resumed trade after a delay.
Speaking of, another market that's
opening up at this point is Indonesia.
>> Yes. So, this was we actually saw the
rally in Indonesian equities into the
into the end of the day yesterday. But
of course, the big story this week has
been the MSEI warning about uh the the
the the structure of the Indonesian
stock market and and being too closed to
investors and and not enough
transparency. And so we actually have
seen regulators coming out and saying
that yes, we take this very seriously.
We're prepared to make changes. We will
make them in very short order. That was
enough to boost market sentiment into
the close yesterday. it seems to be
reflecting so far even though a lot of
the the fund managers we're speaking to
are saying the worst is is not not done
just yet. Uh but but we of course be
tracking that throughout the session
today.
>> Yeah, I mean the outlast could still
continue, right? So I think we had
Goldman with UBS and about 30 minutes
back HSBC also coming out and
downgrading their outlook on the market.
I guess on in terms of is the worst over
it depends what you're asking
specifically, right? Is it on price or
is it in terms of regulatory direction?
Yeah, and I think I think a lot of the
people we're speaking with are just
saying we don't know if the changes that
that Indonesia is pledging to make will
be enough to satisfy the MSCI and that's
their reason for caution. But of course,
Harold Vanderind from HSBC had quite a
different different take and I think it
is important to note as well he's
someone who has had longstanding
connections to to Indonesia and a very
deep knowledge of this market. But let's
just take a listen to what he had to
say.
There's a chance that for this
particular issue that actually uh for
the markets a lot of the worst is over.
What we've seen initially I was a little
bit disappointed with the response that
came out of Indonesia. We didn't hear
anything. MCI made a statement and it
was really acquired but yesterday they
came out and said listen uh we have a
task force the the regulator is going to
sit with the stock exchange. We're going
to talk with the MCI. We're going to
disclose a lot of this data. So that's
uh so that's good. they they're working
on this.
>> Okay. Now, Indonesian regulators towards
the latter part of the session yesterday
and hence why we only close lower 1% and
hence perhaps why we are opening
slightly to the upside today had these
things to say almost across across the
board from the regulator to the
sovereign wealth fund to the exchange
talking about how they plan to of course
uh meet some of the requirements and
also avoid of course the worst case
which in this specific case would be a
downgrade to frontier market status. But
are the problems over? More context and
depth with Abishek Vishnoy, our senior
Asia equity supporter joining us from
Singapore. Abishek. Yeah, take it away.
The mic is yours, sir.
>> So, you know, I don't think uh problems
are over at all. Yeah, there is some
semblance of buying coming in some
support on back of uh let's put it this
way that Indonesia's national team is
stepping in um you know agreeing with
what MSI has asked possibly looking to
buy the market on dips. So there is some
support trickling in but are Indonesia's
problems over? Far from it. you know
even uh while HSBC's uh strategist said
that the worst might be over for MSI
related losses they have downgraded the
market to neutral uh you know from an
overweight allocation citing growth
concerns now look this in context of
over the last two days you have gotten
to a point where it was the worst
two-day route since 1998 you saw
downgrades trickling in from Wall Street
banks you have seen biggest weekly
outflows uh since April. This is a shift
of regime. This is a shift of how you
would be looking at the market. There is
some buying coming in. Yes, of you know
at a price uh everything looks good. But
uh these downgrades that have coming in,
these outflows that are that that that
are happening, they clearly show that
the structure has changed. how you look
and view Indonesia has changed and there
is a lot of work to be done before you
know this uh image of not working uh you
know in context of what investors want
can be shed. Now there are more outlooks
on the envel you know uh David just in
your show you you have mentioned several
times how you know Goldman is estimating
about $13 billion can go out at if FTSC
joins you know and and downgrades the
market that's a huge number that's a
huge number last year we saw like about
a billion dollar moving out but look
this in context of since the end of 2020
there is about $8 billion that came in
so there is still 6 to7 billion of
active money in play um and you U this
is not just about MSEI what MSCI's
warning has done it has underscored the
problems in Indonesia right from macro
to micro and this underscores like we
have said in one of the story a crisis
of confidence and when there is less
confidence it leads to less valuations
and then begins the cycle of it being
weighing on earnings weighing on
deficits and maybe even on the debt
market. So um you know there it may f
find a bottom u but uh is there a huge
rally ahead? Uh it doesn't look like
that.
>> Abashek just just hold that thought
because we've actually had a a headline
crossing from Reuters just in our last
few minutes. This relates to to another
very big news development this morning.
Uh President Trump earlier today saying
that he is looking to announce his Fed
pick for governor on Friday morning.
That's US time. So, Friday evening, our
time in Asia, uh Reuters is actually
reporting that the former Fed governor,
Kevin Walsh, met with Trump on Thursday.
Now, of course, that's quite significant
because he is the person who's seen by
by many, including betting markets, but
as the as the lead contender for this
position and and it's a pick that I
think is very interesting because even
though he's been doubbish in recent
commentary, he actually has quite a
hawkish history as well.
>> Yes. Yeah. People are now, if not
already, have been digging through sound
bites of each of the four on your
screens to get a better sense of what
their [snorts] inclination or
orientation might be in case they get
they get the nod. And I think it's worth
pointing out, right? This will be a
nomination which the president has given
a timeline which would be Asia time
Friday night and then you have to go
through the approval process, right? to
just putting the two things together. Um
how that headline is phrased out of
Reuters
um is that Kevin Walsh met with Trump. I
just be careful in terms of just jumping
to the conclusion that that might be of
course the big but I won't be surprised
if that is to to the point you're
making. Now this is this was something
we actually asked Harold Vanderlin
>> of HSBC earlier on. Right. So if you
look at the the history of the four, the
history of the four, does it actually
matter who it is and in terms of the
timing of when the announcement might
actually come and how the president
actually described who his pick will be?
U let's let's have a listen to the US
president and how he actually phrase it.
>> What day will you be announcing your
chair pick next week?
>> Uh tomorrow morning.
>> Tomorrow morning. And do you know
>> I'd rather say it tomorrow, but just an
outstanding person and a person that uh
won't be too surprising to people. It's
going to be uh somebody that is very
respected, somebody that's known to
everybody in the financial world and I I
think it's going to be a very good
choice. I hope so. I think
>> someone was on your short list, sir.
>> Uh on my reasonably short list. Yeah.
Abishek Vishno is still with us out of
Singapore. Uh Abby, we we've talked
about this for several weeks. I mean, is
this largely
priced in in your view? Abby?
>> Um I don't think it's priced in. I mean
um it it looks like uh you know there
there are several candidates and any
candidate that would come in would have
to be largely acceptable to market and
the course that market wants to take.
Now when you want to look at the course
that market wants to take you have to
look where last year ended. I mean uh it
was record gains in most markets. US
also did well. Um well not not on a
relative basis but on absolute level and
uh you know Trump himself is looking for
a lot more uh rate cuts which is uh
going to infuse a lot more liquidity
into asset classes. So anybody who comes
in would largely be following that path.
Uh it would be a complicated one and and
let's see if uh you know um the the US
parliament actually supports his
appointment but we'll be watching this
with keen eye even prediction markets. I
think uh the odds of uh you know Kevin
Walsh actually taking that position as
you can see have increased but uh
whoever comes in has to follow a path
where you know there are more rate cuts
than what the swap markets or equity
markets are pricing in right now.
>> Abashek thanks so much for joining us
this morning. That was our senior Asia
equities reporter Abashek Vishnoy there.
And coming up as well we're going to get
to the other big thing this morning.
It's been a very busy day, but Apple's
big quarterly earnings beat all things
tech. Of course, Constellation Research
is joining us and it says the state of
Mag [music] 7 remains solid. We'll have
more details next. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Welcome back. Some breaking news. Out of
Indonesia, the CEO of IDX
has resigned. Uh, and the one line
that's come out so far
along this news is that they hope, well,
the CEO hopes my resignation
u will help the capital market get
better. I think the way that's phrased
is kind of funny, but the CEO this off
the stock exchange has resigned after
after the market routes. The market,
it's worth pointing out, was already up
even before this news was made public.
It's rallying even further after it.
Whether this is a function of the
resignation itself is obviously unclear.
Obviously markets are trying to juggle a
lot of information right now as far as
Indonesia is concerned including of
course all the pronouncements yesterday
that they've said to uh that they set
out to hopefully be able to meet uh some
of the requirements coming out of Msei
China uh Msei rather uh but yes that is
a redhead and that's coming through the
CEO of the stock exchange has tendered
his resignation after this market rat
we'll get you more details on the story
in a moment fastmoving one of course
>> yeah very fast moving and as you said We
saw lots of overtures yesterday into the
close of the session that really helped
to at least lift uh the sentiment or
stem the selling pressure today. You've
got that uh main benchmark up 2%. But
let's also take a look at what's
happening with Apple supplies in Asia
today because that has been the other
big story for us or another of the the
many big stories really for us today.
But Apple posting very strong numbers
after the bell today. Really strong
holiday quarter for the business. Some
concerns though uh particularly around
the supply of memory chips and and how
much that's going to be weighing on
margins. They didn't see an impact in
the current quarter. They don't see it
in the first either. They're saying it
could start to show up though in the
second quarter of this year. So uh let's
get more on this now and bring in Ray
Wang. He's founder at Constellation
Research. Ray, thanks so much for your
time and let's just get started. Your
your your key takeaways from the numbers
this morning.
>> Yeah, I mean it's huge. I mean the super
cycle is real. What we saw was 85
billion in for iPhones which is a huge
number. 30 billion in services and more
importantly 25 billion in China. That is
a big deal especially on the Apple side.
Um and this is really helping them with
48 to 49% margins. This isn't something
people were expecting the street
expecting you know that they'd actually
meet expectations but they blew
expectations out of the water.
>> Okay. Um, does this does this buy them
enough time though as they try and
massage in
perhaps the more difficult challenge
over the next few years is, you know,
Apple is an AI company.
>> David, you're absolutely right. But
Apple is an AI company in one way
because you have uh billions of devices
that are actually accessing the
marketplace. And I think that's the
important piece. whether they're going
to use Apple's AI, whether they're going
to use Gemini or ChatgPT or Anthropic.
The point being is that is the interface
that people are using to access AI. But
for them, they do have to get their AI
strategy straight. That partnership with
Google and Gemini is a really good first
step. Of course, there's others app
activities and that they've got to do
from partnerships to feature sets that
they actually have to enable, but
basically if you trust Apple with your
data, they're can be they're going to be
able to do a lot, especially in the
healthcare side and of course uh in
spaces that are ambient experiences,
things that just pop up in the
background that enable you to be able to
do nudges, help yourself be perform
better, uh check you check in on the
health side. Those are all things that
we think that Apple's going to be
successful in. The challenge is really
just making sure the AI story makes
sense to the street.
>> What about the the the pickup that we
saw in emerging markets? And I'm talking
specifically about India. China really
stood out because Apple has been losing
ground there but seemed to be able to to
really recover.
How much of a growth area and how
significant is that for Apple moving
forward if it can continue to to I guess
gain new consumers in these markets as
well?
>> They've done amazing job navigating the
commoditization of the smartphone with
the luxury uh device aspect of having an
iPhone. It is still a status symbol
especially in those markets where
they're gaining ground. India it's a
status system status symbol and more
importantly what's going on is the fact
that Apple is starting to do
manufacturing in some of these regions
as well. So they've navigated tariffs
they've navigated this commoditization
of a smartphone and more importantly
they're still seen as a trusted and
luxury brand and that really means a lot
especially for the 48 to 49% margins
they're getting in the marketplace.
>> Ray, what's the price target on the
stock and is it still a high growth
company? Is it a mature tech, you know,
is it a mature tech stock? How how does
the market need to be framing what
multiple they should be attaching to
this stock?
>> I think it's still going to be a a stock
that's kind of one that you put in your
portfolio and funds. It's kind of a
safety stock at the moment. Um the
target is 300. Uh but it's not high
growth yet because they've got to show
that the super cycle plus the AI uh and
AI are going to come together and
actually transform everything. I I don't
know if you had a chance to try the
AirPods with the translation. It's
actually really fun. It's actually
pretty good. All these little things in
AI are what keep you on to the iPhone.
And I think over time uh the the
collection accumulation of all those
feature sets are going to be something
that we're just going to take uh for
granted. And that's how they're going to
enter the AI market. Not a big bang kind
of AI play, not a brand new language
model. That's really not their game.
>> Ray, it's been of course a very big week
for for tech earnings. uh lots of
different numbers, Meta, Microsoft,
Tesla, Apple as well today. Let's talk
about Microsoft in particular because I
think if there was it was really the
stock that was punished the most. Uh
even though yes, some some strong
numbers but concerns still about the
cloud business in particular.
>> You know, this makes no sense from a
technical perspective. Azure grew 39%
instead of 40%. Let's go punish them for
losing 1%. That makes no sense in this
marketplace. You got RPOS of 625
billion. Like, how do you say that's a
bad thing? Fine, it's all open AI, but
28% of it was not open AI. And so, the
real challenge is how much do you think
Microsoft should be spending on capex to
get into AI? Is that 80 billion a year?
Is that 100 billion a year? Looks like
Meta can get away with 135 billion a
year. So, this made no sense. And if
you're a big Microsoft believer, just
hold in. If you're not, I would get into
the market because this is a dip that
makes no sense. Now on the other side,
you've got Satia who's actually focusing
in on actually the strategy of where
Microsoft is going to go in the future.
And that is a good thing. Um, and you've
got Judson who's the execution machine
making those sales happen. And you got
Amy watching the bank. I mean, that has
never been a better triumphant in the
software business. So I think this is
just overblown, but they did take out
the Dow along the way. So, so that's the
crazy thing. But on the Meta side,
that's actually a different story. Meta
is super efficient with AI. They're
using AI internally. And as Mark said on
the earnings call, one AI agent or bot
could take out 10 employees. And he's
not kidding. He's already done that in
the back office. Um their revenue
operations, their back office, they're
able to get 30, 40, 50% digital labor
and they're not going to stop. They're
going to get it to 80, 90%. So they're
running really efficient and they're
also throwing out big pay packages for
AI talent at the same time. So the
street seems to say that's fine. You
grew 24% in ads. We'll reward you. Keep
investing in AI to use it internally and
of course externally to you know drive
revenue.
>> Yeah. And Tesla also seem to be re
rewarded as well around their capex
plans cuz $20 billion of spending
projected for this year. That's double
uh what analysts were expecting on Wall
Street.
Well, Elon's basically moving towards
his compensation plan and he's basically
optimizing for it as you can tell. Um,
you know, getting rid of the Model X and
the Model S made a lot of sense. It was
only doing 11,600 orders. Uh, that
really is nothing compared to the 400
6,000. The robo taxis are basically the
high volume play that keeps the, you
know, factories humming and shutting
down the factory in Fremont gives them
the ability to build the Optimus robots
which they need to get to. that is the
future. Um, that's probably your
24-month outlook. The robo taxis are
probably in your 12-month outlook. And
more importantly, the energy business,
that's the part that I love the most. I
mean, it's up 25% 3.84 billion. They put
in 46 gawatt. 46 gawatt u which is huge
of energy production and that was up 49%
year-over-year. So, that's the hot spot
in the short term.
Ray, thank you so much for taking the
time to speak with us. If the background
didn't tell me, I didn't wouldn't know
it's it was evening yard time there in
the US. Ray, banter, of course, into the
weekend. Have a great and blessed
weekend, sir. Ray Wong there, founder at
Constellation Research joining us out of
out in New York. Okay, more on the
breaking news. Right. So, Donald Trump,
uh, the White House is said to be
preparing Mr. Walsh for the Fed
nomination. As you can see, the dollar
is on the way up half 1%. Uh we've been
tracking the ins and outs of the story
for the last two and a half hours or so
since the president uh about two or so
hours back did tell uh did tell uh
reporters and effectively the markets
that he would be making his nomination
his decision public Friday morning which
would be evening of course in the Asia-
Pacific. We've had some reporting as
well from others talking about how Mr.
Worsh had met uh the president and now
we understand based on our sourcing as
well that uh it it's looking like he
will be getting the Fed nomination and
the dollar is rallying quite
substantially right now on the back of
this. We're now up half of a 1%. The
opposite mirror effect is taking place
across the equity market where MSI Asia
Pacific has actually now just touched in
the last few seconds or so 1% to the
downside. stronger dollar, weaker equity
market, more clarity on who will likely
lead the Fed after J. Powell's term
ends.
>> Yeah, he's certainly been the one that's
that's firmed up as the the favorite
pick over the past few weeks. I think
what's going to be really interesting is
if indeed Kevin Walsh is nominated to be
the next Fed chair, okay, what are the
challenges he faces in the confirmation,
but also what are the challenges that he
experiences to to try and corral his
colleagues? because in recent years he's
he's been quite a strong Fed critic and
and he's he's said that the the central
bank needs regime change. Uh that's
invol would involve quote breaking some
heads. uh so is he going to face any
challenges to build trust rapport with
existing FOMC members or fed staff I
think will be one of the key questions
uh moving forward and then as well you
know what what is his policy stance
going to look like because I think like
J Pal's someone who was a lawyer first
he worked on Wall Street he became a fed
governor that's sort of a similar
trajectory to J Pal but but Kevin Walsh
is someone that when he was fed governor
uh from 2006 to 2011 11. He was actually
quite hawkish. He's changed his tune in
recent years, but but how doubbish can
we actually expect him to be?
>> Yeah. Well, those years were
aberrations. If you think about what
took place before 06, between 06 and of
course 2011, which was going into the
crisis and uh coming out of the the GFC
and I think you hit the nail on the head
there, Bill, because uh our our
colleagues at MI have been talking about
this for weeks now. Don't focus too much
on Fed independence. Focus on the
divisions within the Fed. of the next
Fed chair being able to corral of course
the FMOC into looking objectively at the
economic numbers and extrapolating and
by the way that's no easy task at this
point in time because the n the context
of the numbers arguably in recent weeks
has one has been one from that's gone
softer
>> to something that's more resilient right
so the delta in the data is also making
it more difficult for whatever uh job
that's going to be in terms of assessing
where rates need to be or are rates
where they need to be right now
extrapolating into the future
>> and I I think that's been one of the
biggest surprises sometimes for JP pow
just how little disscent there has been
at at certain meetings even though
you've seen quite a big range of
projections that have come across as
well uh in the dog plots but but when
you come down to the actual decision
often there's quite a lot of uninity
amongst the FOMC with of course obvious
instance but I think we can leave that
here and let's also talk about the other
big story that's come out just in the
last few minutes and this is
>> which one there's two there's two big
breaking news yeah we LM of course the
delayed
>> on the pricing this morning for 1 hour.
Okay, we've got the LME trading once
again. But let's talk about Indonesia
because uh we just had the the stock
exchange head the CEO of that resigning.
Uh we have seen the Indonesian stock
benchmark as well gaining this morning.
We did have uh some some
big overtures yesterday from regulators
essentially that seem to improve
sentiment. that's being carried across
into Friday trading today. But we did,
as I said, the Indonesia stock exchange
CEO resigning after the market route and
and just talking about he hopes this
brings a bit more, I guess, relief to to
to traders.
>> Yeah, Ian Rakman there saying he will be
stepping down following the 2-day market
slide. The market is uh back above the
8,000 level. We closed just below that
of course and yeah, we are looking at
gains across Indonesia uh in the first
25 minutes. Let's call it day three. You
can follow more on the market story, all
the breaking news in the last hour or
so. We have plenty to sink our teeth
into. M Live is the place to go if
you're Bloomberg terminal subscriber.
Plenty more ahead. This is the China
show.
Right, welcome back. Okay. Um, ton of
breaking news this morning. We'll start
things off with the latest and arguably
the most globally consequential
u of of of the three here. Um so we now
understand that the White House is said
to be preparing the individual that you
see on your screens, Kevin Walsh, for
the Fed nomination. The market is
already reacting to this in the form of
point one, a stronger dollar. Um, point
number two, you'll see it very, very
shortly, a steeper yield curve in the
US. We're steeper about four basis
points. The equity market is going the
opposite way up the dollar, which
shouldn't come as a big surprise. It's
also worth pointing out that equity
futures were already under pressure even
before uh information around this um
surfaced. You look at the yield,
everything from the two all the way to
the 30-year yield. And as you can see,
we're unchanged in the 2-year. Is the
market treating this one as hawkish? If
you simply look at the last few minutes,
the answer to that would be yes. But
certainly context is more important
here.
>> Yeah. And actually we've got our MIFE
team glued to this very story and and
Mark Granville's just put out a post
saying it's very rare actually to see
this sort of yield curve steepening
during the Asian session. And to your
point, this certainly suggests that the
move is defensive uh and and also that
traders could be preparing for a more
hawkish rule orientated regime under
Kevin Walsh. uh that is of course with
with Jay Pow, Lisa Cook, they're set to
remain at the Fed. So that does could
actually add some tension essentially to
to each of the upcoming meetings. I
mean, as we were just discussing
earlier, Kevin Walsh is someone who's
been quite critical of the Fed in recent
years. So is he going to have face
challenges to essentially, you know,
collaborate, cooperate with his
colleagues and and bring some sort of
consensus to decision-m as well?
>> Yeah, focus on focus on the divisions of
the Fed. Don't focus too much on
independence I think was the other point
because we were looking too much in one
direction that we forgot about fine if
we did get the individual in place there
was still this division around the Fed
as to where rates really should be right
in fact even the emphasis on the dual
mandate which one would uh is is is of
greater waiting at this point in time
and I think the we went from inflation
obviously the last few years
>> into the labor market as people started
to talk about the softening of the
economy but then the data has somewhat
been resilient and C and I hedged that
very carefully because it's not it's not
quite clear comprehensively, but the
there has been a hardening of the data
and a firming up of the data recently
which I guess might swing the pendulum
more in favor
>> of inflation which by the way right
inflation has remained sticky right and
you look at the 10ear yield and where it
is at 10 4.3 uh 4.3% on the 10 yield
underscore that I'm just having a look
at uh my the pricing around if this is
having any impact at all on when the
market thinks the Fed will move next. So
yesterday
u the first full rate cut appears in
September of this year. I'm just fast
forwarding my screens right now. That
has now in fact still in September but
it's been slightly pushed back to
September. So it's fairly consistent
hawkish slightly hawkish move across the
dollar the rates markets and the the
futures market on Fed fund futures here.
>> Yeah and I think our Bloomberg economics
team has really great commentary on
this. They're saying that if you look at
at his reaction function Kevin Walsh
he's someone that does give more more of
a an emphasis or puts more emphasis on
the inflation outlook than he does on on
any sort of labor market concerns and
inflation is sticky in the US. So yeah,
do we do we even end up seeing I mean we
were just speaking with Harold Vanderlin
for instance from HSBC. They're saying
they're not even expecting a Fed cut
this year, not even next year as well.
>> Yeah, markets are looking like this. I
mean we talked about the dollar I think.
Can I ask my producers to also uh let's
bring up equity futures in the US
because we are tacking on further losses
as we speak. The dollar is extending
those gains. US futures on your screens.
We're now off, let's call it 1% on
NASDAQ futures. Russell 2000 off by
1.1%. So we go all the way from the main
uh the broader benchmark into some of
the tech heavy gauges as well 1.2%. So
you do get a sense uh that some of the
long duration assets in the equity space
are feeling the pinch of higher rates
and a steeper yield curve which is not
too common for this time of the day. uh
when you look at a commentary coming
through, in fact, it's something we
rarely look at specifically at this time
of the trading session, 24-hour cycle,
which is really the steepening, but
certainly more in the absolute level of
the yield curve. So, currently, we're
looking at treasuries right now. Let's
get it up, please, if we can yet again.
And we are looking at the 30-year up by
four to five basis points. The 2-year is
unchanged, but has in fact in the last
few minutes or so, tacked on ever so
slightly to the upside. five and a
10-year yield on your screens. This will
feature, of course, as this is perhaps
now your top story across markets this
this Friday. Just to recap, of course,
in case you're joining us right now, the
Trump White House is said to be
preparing Kevin Walsh for the Fed
nomination. The timing that the
president gave
>> it's it's tomorrow morning essentially
tomorrow morning in the US. So, it's
it's Friday evening for us. So, yeah,
just perhaps in the next 8 10 hours or
so, 12 hours from now. But, uh let's get
more context on this. bring in Garfield
Reynolds. He leads our markets live Asia
coverage and and Garfield, it seems like
I mean we're getting at least some sort
of knee-jerk reaction, but but just talk
us through this this this nomination if
we do indeed get it for Kevin Walsh.
What's the significance of it and what
does it mean for the trajectory for
rates?
Well, the trajectory for rates on the
one hand is still going to be pretty
clear that there's going to be an
overwhelming expectation that at the
first post foul post PAL meeting from
for the Fed, which is in June, there
will be a 25 basis point cut. That's
about an 80% chance seen at the moment.
That would probably firm up uh you know
once whoever is chosen and almost
certain to be Kevin Walsh. It would seem
the way things stand at the moment. Uh
the reaction that we're seeing across
markets has a lot to do with the
perception that Walsh is relatively
hawkish compared to some of the other
candidates that were floated such as
even uh Waller but more importantly uh
Rick Reer from BlackRock who was seen as
having the potential to be significantly
more doubbish uh as well as being he
kind of had a similar flavor. If you
remember when Scott Bessant was named as
the treasury secretary, he was welcomed
by fund managers as one of us. So
getting a Black Rockck alum as a Fed
chair would also have been a kind of a
one of us moment. So traders are
definitely leaning into the idea that uh
Walsh would be more of an inflation
hawk. Yes, he would cut rates otherwise
Trump wouldn't have let him become his
nomination, but he will be reluctant to,
you know, he will work hard to try and
balance uh the inflation and growth
sides of the Fed's mandate. And if we
were to get the sort of, you know,
AIdriven economic strength that we've
currently got, if that sustains and if
the labor market holds up, it's seen as
being pretty unlikely that Walsh would
just cut rates anyway. he would take a
more measured approach and in particular
he would be very conscious of leaning
against any return towards QE. Um that's
why for example Bitcoin uh was an early
mover to the downside in response to uh
the speculation that Walsh was going to
be the pick.
>> Yeah, Garfield, I'm I've been obsessing
over the 30-year yield. It's really the
part of the curve where we're seeing,
you know, the most movement. A lot of
the activity right now. So, we're at
4.9% up by five. A little bit more. The
30-year yield would be back to levels we
last saw in in in early September. H
Garf. How useful
is how useful is looking at his his
history back
>> in ' 06 to 2011 when of course we know
what happened in the world back then as
a gauge of how of his orientation and
how he might look at the current date
and how that might inform the proper
direction of interest rates.
>> Well, I think it is fairly useful. You
have to go with the information you have
to hand. Yes, Donald Trump wants
famously interest rates to be at 1%. Uh
but yeah, ultimately
Trump does look like he's actually
compromising somewhat on going for
somebody like Walsh. You know, it it's
not if that is whom he picks, we always
have to be careful. You know, lots of
times when everybody thought that
President Trump had decided he was
definitively going to do one thing, he
turns around and does another. So
there's always the possibility for a
surprise. But if Walsh is picked, then
you know, you might have the sort of
situation you had with Pal where Trump
was actually quite happy to have Pal as
Fed chair. Later he soured a lot uh on
him. Uh so the there's the potential
there that this does end up being uh you
know less doubbish than uh than Trump
might like. And in fact, the 30-year
yield that you're mentioning, if the
speculation that Walsh is likely to be
more hawkish than somebody like Rick
Reer would have been or Moran or other
potential candidates, then you could
argue that the curve steepening that's
going on today is is rather misguided.
And in fact, uh, the risk should be for
curve flattening because if you're going
to get a Fed chair who is willing to cut
rates at the cut the cash rate but be,
you know, moderate about it and is going
to take account of inflation risks, that
should be supportive for the longer end.
It's just going to take a while for that
to play out.
G,
it's interesting because we've had so
much concern around Fed independence
over the last few months and as as you
say, maybe that gets faded, but at the
same time, what comes to the four and
we've been discussing just in the last
few minutes is is concerns around how
much Kevin Walsh would actually be able
to work with his colleagues given given
just his history in recent years of
criticizing the Fed. Does that become a
concern just trying to reach consensus
amongst officials?
>> Well, I I mean I think if there is a
situation where uh the Fed chair is
needing to reach consensus and can
manage to do that, that's kind of how
the Fed's supposed to work. You know,
they have uh a broad board. They have
this uh you know somewhat complex
structure of you know governors who are
directly appointed by the president but
then uh Federal Reserve um presidents
from the individual you know regional uh
branches of the Fed who are picked by
those branches and then they have to
come together and come to a decision. So
if there is that sort of robust
discussion that would argue towards Fed
independence potentially and I think you
can actually see that along with that
potential for Walsh to be hawkish the
strong bid for the US dollar that's
broken out on the idea that Walsh will
be the nominee that speaks to the idea
that this is at least going to assuage
some of the Fed independence you
concerns. We've got the famous
debasement trade uh winners gold and
silver dropping today. Gold at one stage
was getting close to testing yesterday's
low. In fact, it got within about $10 an
ounce of touching the low that it
reached yesterday. So that's certainly
would seem to speak to the idea that
concerns about Fed independence are
perhaps a little bit more on the back
burner today than they were.
>> Garfield, thank you so much. Garfield
Reynolds there. um who are m live
coverage over in Sydney for us. Cross
asset move dollar stronger, equities
down, yield curve is steeper and we are
getting some pressure coming through
across risk assets. The initial reaction
to the information that the Trump White
House is said to be preparing Kevin
Walsh for the Fed nomination. Let's get
more from our Washington Deputy Bureau
Chief Laura Davidson is with us right
now. Laura, thank you for coming and
taking the time. What do we know so far
about this?
Yes. So, we know uh Trump uh earlier
this evening, this is Thursday evening
in the US, came out and said he would be
uh making his uh Fed chair announcement
on Friday morning. This is really a long
awaited announcement. Uh he's been uh
for weeks uh debating between about four
short list uh candidates. Uh the
administration is preparing to name
Kevin Wars. He's a former uh Fed
governor. Um served on the on the Fed
board between 2006 and 2011. Um he's
been um long one of the candidates. He
was actually um originally considered as
a potential option uh for Treasury
Secretary back when Trump uh first uh
came to the White House um over a year
ago um but decided to pass on um you
know being in the running for um for
Treasury Secretary because he more
wanted the Fed chair job. It was not
clear um for much of the process that it
would necessarily be Worsh. There were
several other candidates including Kevin
Hasset who's a talk a top top economic
aid at the White House, Rick Reer who's
an executive at BlackRock as well as
Chris Waller who's a current Fed
governor who were also um interviewed
for the job and were in the running.
>> What then do you think sort of sealed
the deal for for Kevin Walsh if indeed
he is the one that's nominated? But but
uh you know he's someone who actually
has a long-standing relationship to
Trump in some ways given his marriage to
Jane Lauder and she's an eros of SA
Lauder of course but but there's a
longtime family friends with with the
Trumps.
>> Yeah, it's not exactly clear, you know,
um what exactly uh you know uh uh made
uh uh worsh candidacy stand out. And I
should note that um uh you know people
familiar with this matter do caution
that nothing is final until Trump
announces it publicly. Uh we do know
that um Worsh was at the White House um
today uh met with uh with various folks
there. Um and so it was clear that uh
you know at least he was getting a a
final look um from um uh either the
president or his top aids before this
announcement um uh comes to pass. Um you
know as noted he um you know has a
long-standing familiar relationship.
He's from um you know his he's married
into this wealthy um family and has been
someone who has been on the president's
um economic radar for a long time. he,
you know, is was long time considered to
be more of a hawkish personality looking
uh, you know, to to uh, you know, when
it comes to interest rate policy. Though
in recent months, he's really changed
his tune and has um, shifted his
perspective. Trump has been very clear
that he wants someone who will push for
um, faster and deeper interest rate cuts
and uh, Wars has really embraced that
here recently.
>> Laura, fantastic. Thank you. Laura
Davidson there, our Washington deputy
bureau thief. He's the one of the people
of course who broke that scoop of course
that markets are currently reacting to a
stronger dollar on your screens. We'll
take a short break and we will see you
on the other side of
[music]
You're watching the China [music] Show.
Taking a look at US futures this
morning. Not surprising we're seeing
them a bit under pressure because you've
got actually the yield curve steepening.
You've also got the dollar that's
gaining today. But it is that big
headline and certainly the biggest news
story that the Trump administration is
said to be preparing Kevin Walsh for the
Fed nomination. That announcement should
come later Friday in Asia time.
President Trump earlier today in
Washington saying he'll announce it
Friday morning uh in in the US. So we'll
leave that there. But but let's just
talk about Asian equities as well
because they've actually been driving
hedge fund performance in the region
propelled by tech. Of course, it remains
the most dominant theme for us. But the
Eureka hedge Asian hedge fund index
gained 14% last year. That's actually
the best result we've had going back to
2020. Uh a Bloomberg report has found
though that many long short equity
strategies did way better than that with
smaller funds stealing the show.
>> Yeah. Joining us now is hedge fund
specialist Gigi Luck, CIO at GGL Capital
Investment Group to help us understand
the trends that people are paying
attention to. Very nice to see you and
and welcome to the show. I think that's
the basic question, right? AI is AI
needs to be part of your thesis. It's
it's now the how. How do we express that
now that AI has done so well?
>> Yeah. Thank thanks for having me. It is
actually a great time to talk about tac
AI right
>> um especially this one there are a lot
of moving parts and a lot of rotation
happening already. Yeah. So um in AI I
think firstly um we are seeing rotation
out of the giant uh uh tech names uh to
the more value AI names and secondly
investors are more selective uh they are
more cautious on the valuation. They
would rather pick the names with high
quality uh but with reasonable uh
valuation. Um so what it means is we
will continue to see flows into um you
know emerging countries with tech uh
companies such as um Korea, Taiwan and
even even China, Japan
>> going forward
>> and is it what part I guess of of the
tech supply chain obviously North Asia
in particular has a very big semif focus
is that still the most dominant theme in
in tech or are you looking I guess into
more emerging areas like ESS for
instance? energy storage systems is
shaping up to be sort of adjacent to it
but still very much related to the data
center story.
>> So the the Asian countries have their
own uh different like landscape and
distinct uh expertise. Say say Japan uh
is it remains to be a very important uh
part of the supply chain. So they have
the equipment, they have the robotics
and materials. Yeah. And then Taiwan
they have the foundaries. uh Korea they
they have you know the big memory com
companies in China well it's very
diverse they have e-commerce uh they
have the advanced manufacturing EV tech
uh etc so you know it is as investor we
always like to invest in tech but across
all markets across all sub sectors you
know it's important to understand tech
uh when we investment uh when we do
investment in holistic way
>> I mean manager selection risking stating
the obvious is obviously very key here
to performance, right? And I wonder
>> since the Chinese markets emerged from a
bare market, I would imagine more fund
houses have set up. How has that dynamic
affected what your job effectively?
What's what are the trends to watch
there?
>> Um well, we are very glad uh China has
come back uh as as we as we saw like
last year China rally. Uh it's important
to notice that um it rallied uh without
the recovery of the property market. So
it's a good uh structural change. Uh it
has been supported by consumption you
know domestic and then manufacturing
exports. Um they have very strong
exports remaining you know continue to
have very strong exports. So which is
very good news and uh we are excited
that within the hedge fund landscape we
are seeing more new launches. A lot of
the new China funds are coming back.
>> Okay.
>> Uh which is good. Uh we've seen like
names from like they could be like spin
out from like pot shops or they can spin
out from existing you know big hedge
funds.
>> And what's sort of the most dominant
strategy that these new hedge funds are
taking?
>> Yes. Uh a lot of them uh have um well
there there are two type of funds that
are that we see a lot of new launches of
uh one is Asia Pacific but with a heavy
tilt to tech exposures. Okay. And
another we we we continue to see like
China funds but they also play heavily
in attack.
>> Right.
>> And I'm curious so a market like Korea
for example, right? If you did not have
exposure to Korea, you likely
underperformed.
>> Yeah.
>> But with the gains that we've seen there
more than double. I mean you could make
the argument the next big move could
could be down. Could be down. How how
how do we need to be looking at Korea as
part of our strategy this year?
>> Yes. Uh that's a very good question. If
we look at Korea, the market rally this
month, um you know, Samsung and you
know, SK Hinx already contributed a lot
of it. You know, if you look at these
two names, it already make up like 30%
at more than 30% of the index. So,
what's next to play? Uh well, actually
for Korea, in addition to TAC, there's K
beauty,
>> right?
>> Uh K uh defense.
>> These names are pretty unique and may
not be known by foreigners,
>> but there are a lot of research to be
done. uh but so but but we pick managers
who are specialists in this area so they
they're they're able to you know invest
across these different sectors
>> beyond uh and just speaking of defense
actually beyond Asia what do you think
about Europe then and and are you
looking for investments there in the
coming 12 months because I mean defense
was one of the standout sectors uh for
>> yes Europe is remains to be a very you
know important market lot of headlines a
lot of noises and uh we consider any
pullback back is a good buying
opportunity, right?
>> Um there there's always uh you know
pockets of resilience, defense and
energy.
>> So and then a global defense budget will
keep rising. So we we consider this this
is a very good opportunity.
>> Jigi, thank you so much. Happy Friday.
>> Happy Friday.
>> Sorry to keep you waiting. We had some
breaking news but thank you for being
patient. Lots more to talk about. I
wasn't able to get my question which was
the I guess what's the next niche market
opportunity. Anyway, GG look will
perhaps be joining us uh quite soon to
talk us through that. CIO there of GGL
Capital Investment Group. Okay. Uh
markets are looking like this. In case
you're just joining us right now,
massive news in the last few minutes or
so. Uh the Trump White House is said to
be preparing Kevin Walsh for the
nomination to head the Fed. It's also
worth or equally if not more important
to emphasize this is not a done deal.
This has to go to the set where things
could get slightly more complicated as
far as the challenges are concerned.
What the market is doing with the
information so far that we have is
they're driving up the dollar. They're
steepening the yield curve and risk
assets as you see on your screens with
the exception of Korea. But Korea is
also off higher today selling off risk
assets as we speak. Dollar is stronger
410 of 1%. Dollar yen half of 1% to the
upside.
>> Yeah. But as we said, that really is the
biggest story for markets that that
nomination should be coming really
within the next uh well, we're going to
say within the next 12 hours or so.
President Trump early today in
Washington saying he'll announce it when
uh Friday morning rather US time. So, as
you said, we're seeing that market
reaction. Stronger dollar rising
treasury yields as well and and markets
sort of trying to dissect. Is he going
to be someone that leads more hawkish
even if he's had more doubbish
commentary in recent years? and has
seemed to more align himself uh with
with President Trump in terms of arguing
that case for lower interest rates.
Still, people are going back. What did
he say in the period of 2006 to 2011
when he was a Fed governor at that time?
>> Interesting pick if that turns out to be
the case. And of course, if he does get
to uh eventually lead the Fed, you know,
the other angle to that is maybe the
markets are interpreting this choice as
one that's able to now look at the data
more saliently if you look at it and one
that is starting to [music] show a
stronger and more resilient US economy
with uh expectations of a rate cut
priced back a little bit, stronger
dollars coming through and of course a
steeper yield curve which is indicative
of what we just mentioned there. That's
it from us here on the China show. We
will see you all on Monday. Lots more
coming through on this top story. Plenty
more ahead on Bloomberg television.